# Cplusplus--Program

-A system analysis can be used to interpret user needs. We can do this by getting feedback from the old users and adding the changes to the code. It is important to identify the specific inputs and outputs for the system.
Users can express their needs through user stories. User stories are primarily used during the Agile development process. This helps to gain a better understanding of the end user's perspective. Additionally, it helps to understand what the user wants and helps create a  requirement description for it. 
-Developing software requires a developer to have a clear understanding of what features should be included and what should be avoided. Before any software development process can begin, clear requirements must be gathered. As soon as the client provides the requirements, the developer should select the software development model that will be most effective for developing the software. Examples include iterative, waterfall, prototype, and agile models. Agile software development process has a variety of methods, some of which are scrum, feature driven development, extreme programming, and so on. My future development work aims to incorporate the agile principles and practices.
-To be a good team member in software development means going beyond your role. A team member should have a desire for collaboration and continuous improvement. Agile teams are driven by communication (usually daily), teamwork, problem-solving, technical skills, and improving their velocity with each iteration.
